[14.0] group_backend: new module (#116)
OCA/server-backend: group_backend/README.rst

    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-backend/tree/14.0/group_backend
    :alt: OCA/server-backend
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-backend-14-0/server-backend-14-0-group_backend
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/253/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module was written to extend the standard functionality regarding users
and groups management by adding a new `Backend user` group that only gives access
to odoo backend (`/web`):

* no default access
* no default menu
* no default access rules
* no default actions
* no default views

The problem with the `Internal user` is when you want to gives access to the
backend to a really thin part of your business to some users, it's quite hard
to properly maintain those roles over the project life, a lot of models use
that group (`base.group_user`) by default which makes hard

> to maintains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to maintain.
```

So that helps creating well-defined user groups with more controls.

We suggest to use this module with its compagnon `base_user_role`

Limitations
~~~~~~~~~~~

> As the time of writing Odoo use `has_group("base.group_user")` to gives the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing, Odoo uses `has_group("base.group_user")` to give the
```

backend access.
This module is only overloading that method to try if user is in the
`group_backend.group_backend` group (in case of `base.group_user`
is requested and return `False`) to let access to the odoo backend.

> This avoid to overwrite a lot of overwrite in different controllers from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This avoids to write a lot of overwrite in different controllers from
```

different modules ('portal', 'web', 'base', 'website') with hard coded statements
that check if user is part of the `base.group_user` group.

.. warning::

    Using this module and grant a user with `group_backend`'s group is
    equivalent to grant `group_user`'s group everywhere `has_group`
    has been used.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Please do not attached any rules, access, menus to that group. You should prefer
using `implied_ids` if you really want to link it.

.. note::

>    Be aware users can only belongs to one group from the user type category

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Be aware users can only belong to one group from the user type category
```

>    (`base.module_category_user_type`). So your group can't implied_ids to both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (`base.module_category_user_type`). So your other groups can't inherit both
```

   internal users and backend users. 

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to Configuration / Users / Users choose user and set the user type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to Configuration / Users / Users, choose a user and set the user type.
```
